---
layout: post
title: "B2B"
author: "Samkit Shah"
categories: Random
tags: [Computational Neuroscience]
image: rose.jpeg
---

I have always been interested in the functioning and organization of brain. Some people have been saying the age of B2B SAAS is over, it's the age of Agent as a service. But we are at the dawn of an era where we are going to experince a revolutionary shift in the way we consume and transmit information. To back this stupendous claim let me attach some research papers I am going to read this week.

Will write detailed blog posts about each later. 

1. [Brain to QWERTY](https://scontent.fblr20-2.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t39.2365-6/475464888_600710912891423_9108680259802499048_n.pdf?_nc_cat=102&ccb=1-7&_nc_sid=3c67a6&_nc_ohc=skBEbLcNeccQ7kNvgHSBWI4&_nc_oc=AdjjniBNjgSDOk84J1BpZ9jWmZk_qn1-Q2s_wNDPIMrvmrAMOhb7wDNmEZqepN2xFw39kVOZz92frKilqLd6hgNR&_nc_zt=14&_nc_ht=scontent.fblr20-2.fna&_nc_gid=Ak54fzGaK9nq7R0Ow-rHKNN&oh=00_AYB-lBgocPpK0sSyAgpBWcvDWlFOIIfscXoAgpGdc4WCZw&oe=67AEE7D6)
2. [Seeing Beyond the Brain](https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.06956)
3. [Brain3D](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2405.15239v3)

- [ ] Reproduce one of these
- [ ] Reproduce one of the 3D reconstruction papers

### Contest today 
Div2 1004 , Not good, messed up easy B and did C too late. But will keep iterating until established.

Tutorial + upsolve [here]()

### OSS 
Should look into Netflix / CrewAI / Ollama or C4GT.

### Learnings

MRI:

Allows us to see brain tissue, nerves, bone, fluid etc. No radiation. If some dye is used, it can highlight certain things like blood vessels or certain diseases better. MRIs take longer than CT scans to perform and are better at looking at tissue generally while CTs are better at looking for blood.

fMRI:

f is for functional. It is primarily used for measuring brain activity by looking at which part of the brain blood is flowing to. Mostly used for research rather than clinical medicine.

PET:

Some radioactive material (usually a sugar) is injected into your bloodstream, when you are scanned, the parts where it's really bright are where this material has accumulated. Often used to look for cancer cos tumours need sugar to grow.

EEG:

Think of it as an ECG/EKG for your brain. When nerves fire/work, it gives off a small amount of electrical activity - this has a predictable pattern. Electrodes are placed at several points around your head and the electrical activity is picked by the machine and translated on to a strip of paper. We use EEGs to diagnose epilepsy. Technicians will often attempt to induce a fit using various equipment and methods and hope that we capture it on the machine.

### Everyday philosophy

People who don't commit to anything are distracted by everything.

-------------
Pretty flower in my balcony :D  
